[clang] Update documentation for `#pragma diagnostic` (#78095)
llvm/llvm-project: clang/docs/UsersManual.rst

  #if foo
  #endif foo // warning: extra tokens at end of #endif directive

  #pragma GCC diagnostic push
  #pragma GCC diagnostic ignored "-Wextra-tokens"

  #if foo
  #endif foo // no warning

>   #pragma GCC diagnostic pop

Reviewer: I think we want to mention that `#pragma clang diagnostic` also exists so that users know what it is when they come across it and how it differs from `#pragma GCC diagnostic` in terms of extra functionality. WDYT?

Author: Makes sense, even if we say elsewhere that `GCC` and `clang` can be used interchangeably for pragmas supported by both compilers.

Author: Done

  #pragma GCC diagnostic push
  #pragma GCC diagnostic ignored "-Wextra-tokens"

  #if foo
  #endif foo // no warning

  #pragma GCC diagnostic pop

The push and pop pragmas will save and restore the full diagnostic state
of the compiler, regardless of how it was set. It should be noted that while Clang
supports the GCC pragma, Clang and GCC do not support the exact same set
of warnings, so even when using GCC compatible #pragmas there is no
guarantee that they will have identical behaviour on both compilers.

Clang also doesn't yet support GCC behavior for ``#pragma diagnostic pop``
that doesn't have a corresponding ``#pragma diagnostic push``. In this case
GCC pretends that there is a ``#pragma diagnostic push`` at the very beginning
of the source file, so "unpaired" ``#pragma diagnostic pop`` matches that
implicit push. This makes a difference for ``#pragma GCC diagnostic ignored``
which are not guarded by push and pop. Refer to
`GCC documentation <https://gcc.gnu.org/onlinedocs/gcc/Diagnostic-Pragmas.html>`_
for details.

Like GCC, Clang accepts ``ignored``, ``warning``, ``error``, and ``fatal``
severity levels. They can be used to change severity of a particular diagnostic

> for a region of source file. Notable difference from GCC is that diagnostic
> not enabled via CLI arguments can't be enabled this way yet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for a region of source file. A notable difference from GCC is that diagnostic
not enabled via command line arguments can't be enabled this way yet.
```
